我們現在的Session會由Angus來介紹
Angus也是國外的獎勢之一
我的前任管理是Angus
大家就開始歡迎他
謝謝
謝謝
謝謝大家
我的名字是Angus Chen
我曾設為 anyone的探知
之前
我是傳聞人物
一點點
這關詞어를探知
misin為了午到澱個特別的 defenses
我便思讀 1980
了解了更多草值一個蘋果之餘eding
這個表演的兩照片нолог上感覺有點多
有什麽在用心影片
置兩人下去
if you prefer not to use the QR code, there's a URL right below the QR code.
请不吝点赞 订阅 转发 转发 打赏支持明镜与点点栏目
打赏支持明镜与点点栏目
打赏支持明镜与点点栏目
打赏支持明镜与点点栏目
Okay, that's two minutes.
Again, this session is about AI writes code, who checks it.
It's really a great pleasure to be back to give a talk on preliminary research that I've been working on,
with a combination of their experience in the past few months.
So what's the problem that we're talking about here?
AI has become a general technology.
Everybody knows how to use it.
It's on your phone.
In the case of AI coding tooling, you can describe your idea in plain English,
and the tooling, which does the workflow.
And that causes, well that makes the entire open source software development cycle
collapse into one operator, like myself.
I can do everything from build to operations all by myself.
But what's the problem with that?
AI coding tool has been writing a million lines of code,
but nobody's really reviewing it.
Or maybe you know the security capability of your AI coding tooling,
but you are not aware of it, or you are not using it.
So the talk this time is to increase that awareness.
And even the creator of OpenCloud, Peter himself, says,
you know, I need to be honest with you.
I don't really read my code anymore.
Or I don't really write my code anymore.
Why does it matter?
As I was doing my preliminary research, I went to GitHub.
I just looked up in the GitHub advisory database.
There are total of 806.
OpenCloud showed up about 800 times.
And then I quickly went to visit minor CVE database.
It shows up 500 times.
And that's in the time frames of six months.
So basically there are nearly about 100, 150 reports every month.
OpenCloud.
Let's think of a scenario.
Minor also has this called common witness enumeration.
So CWE 75 is command injection.
The formal term is improper neutralization of special elements used in an OS command.
So the diagram down there gives you an idea of there is a vulnerable script or program.
And it designs to run this command list, the entire files in your home directory.
So that dollar sign username can be my name, can be your name, can be anybody's name.
And here's an attacker infiltrated and modified the code.
Changed dollar sign username to semi-close delete all files.
What it does is it violates the three things.
Competentiality, integrity, and availability.
And the impact of that in modifying the files and the directives.
If you look at the code bit on the screen.
On the left hand side was the vulnerable script that's being generated or being written.
On the right hand side was the modified code.
Right around the same time researchers and NYU also published a paper called Asleep at the Keyboards.
They have done experiments on multiple attack scenarios using co-pilot.
And in one of the cases is command injection.
Within command injection there are three types of tests.
The first test is as the AI right-codes list the files in the folder, the username.
And there are test2 and test3.
And test1 was exactly the same as CWE78.
So this scenario will be, again, you ask AI to write a code to list the entire user folder.
But AI doesn't know whether this is good code or not in terms of whether there is a vulnerability in the code or not.
It's not capable of doing that.
But why are we discussing this now?
How about let's go back down to the memory lane of coding tools.
So this is looking, I'm looking at this coming from the data scientist background,
been using different type of coding tools over time and started in 2015.
In 2015 there are multiple coding tools.
For example VS Code, Eclipse, Subline Text.
All they do is add a new tool.
It helps you to make write codes more convenient.
For example, you will highlight the syntax.
And over time there's another new tool coming out called Node Code,
being used for robotic process automation.
You might have heard of TIP Code.
That's one of the examples.
And then here comes Andrew Nimes has a course called Python for Machine Learning.
In the course, it's online.
You can sign up for the class.
You can look at the screen.
On the right hand side is the tutorial.
It's basically a video of how you do machine learning.
or how you learn how to do in write code for AI.
And in the middle is an iPad notebook.
On the left hand side of the screen is the descriptions of the course.
The middle part of the screen, the iPad notebook, on the very top,
So you declare the library.
You declare it from import from somewhere.
And then, when I took the class, I noticed that it has the API key right there.
And right below it, there's a block of code.
It's described of the LLM model.
You know, HIGPT3 then.
So I was out of curiosity.
So I just changed the model number from 3 to 3.5.
And the code was running.
Basically, the program has better performance because I'm using a newer model.
And then I also noticed how bother me trying to rewrite the code.
So I copy the code I already have and replace it with the existing code.
It runs.
So that's an example of a violation of secret detection, right?
As you know, there is a secret detection that's available that will check whether the API has been exposed.
As well as either the model numbers.
In some practice, you will put in a .in file.
And some people here may use things you will write .git ignore.
So we ignore as you push to get out.
And 2023, around 2024, 2025, at that time, I was helping and MIT was helping to create a course called
how to ship almost anything with AI.
That was 2025.
So right around the time, Andre Caparthi said that the hardest programming language is English.
So this class was teaching students at MIT how to write codes in a day, you know, build a program in a day using English.
Here's a group of MIT faculty as well as Harvard postdocs and myself designed this course.
So the course itself is structured in three parts.
The first part is about the model.
The second part is about how to use cursor and wincer.
And the third part is how can we do that not locally.
We can do that in the class.
So we were doing the containers and so forth.
We thought the modeling part was the hardest part.
It would take the longest time.
And the goal of this class was at the end of it, you were able to create an image.
An image of oceans or a comic strip.
And the model that we used was a stable diffusion.
We thought that part, again the model part would take us most of the time.
It turns out we spend most of the time explaining to the students how to use cursor and wincer.
And I was wondering why, you know, you go to MIT Harvard.
Why are you having such a hard time using cursor before using VS Code.
And then I realized that most of us are used to using Google Chrome, using web browser.
So you type things in, search for certain things.
We are not used to prompting.
We are not used to prompt engineering.
We are not used to scaffolding.
But when 2025s come, by then everybody is very comfortable with bi-coding.
And so this is why, you know, talking about this now,
everybody is so comfortable with using AI coding agents to write code.
As I mentioned, there are two things that can be considered to implement at your disposal.
One is SQL Detection.
The other is SQL Review.
What SQL Review does is basically reviewing your code path, your entire architecture,
or system architecture, and tell you where is the problem.
So you might be wondering, how fast is this moving now?
So I went to Star History.
I don't know if you guys familiar with the website, Star History.
So it tells you that AI coding assistant is now performing 60% of PR reviews.
It's out from 20% last year.
Some people told me today it's doing 80% of PR reviews.
There are also data that shows AI started to write codes.
The number one tool they use to write code is Dependabuck.
About 2.3 million users in Q2 or 2025.
And where AI builds applications, number one is GitHub Action.
That's also Q2 2025 information.
About 5.9 million.
So we are in this model.
Build, build, build.
That's exactly what Javan's paradox, the economist Javan was talking about.
When the technology is at the maturity.
For example, you know, like an electric vehicle, right?
It's at the maturity that everybody can adopt.
You will see a huge number of users are adopting it and using it.
And we are also seeing it at the same time.
We used to call IDE CLI.
I'm sorry, IDE.
And now we have this IDE, not just IDE, but IDE first.
For example, Cursor Winster.
We also have AI coding agent, IDE assistant co-pilot,
no code AI builders, and code review agents.
So we are also seeing this whole different numbers of IDE's or builders
are basically doing the same thing.
Although they are slightly different.
I mean, you may argue that.
For example, like Vercel replates for front-end development and so forth.
Another example again, I probably need to minimize this.
I borrowed from my friend's company.
He has been building this AI coding platform.
And in 2025, as you see on the left-hand side,
this was their architecture diagram.
You know, it's a VS Code extension with really three layers.
You have web UI, core services, and API provider layers.
API providers, you see the three different APIs,
like open routers that you can select of different models,
open AI, which is ChatGPT, and cloud from Anthropix.
That was Q4 2025.
On Q2 2026, you see the number, the size of the architecture just double or triple.
I put a question mark there.
So I was suspecting he's using an AI coding agent to build out his entire AI coding platform.
But what's missing here?
We talk about the platform part.
We talk about the trend.
And the missing part is the user awareness.
There are mixed
misreview of awareness of the security capability
that covers the AI coding tooling.
It also has a mixed confidence of what AI coding tools can,
whether AI coding tools can catch its own mistakes or not.
And also, users themselves, they are not sure
whether the security capability is building from third party
or it's just not there.
What should we do about this?
I believe we shouldn't throw the baby out of bathwater.
Meaning that while you are writing,
while you are having AI coding tooling to write codes for you,
we should have some awareness or understanding of certain capabilities
that either come with it, already come with it,
or the plugin that you can use.
So here's our example of it.
Some of you might have heard called SAS,
that's a static application security tooling.
What it does is to use so-called intent analysis,
and there are two different types of paths.
One is called source-to-sync,
the other one is sync-to-source.
Source-to-sync basically is,
here's a user input,
and then the output of it,
user input which is a command injection,
the output of it is to delete all files,
the example that I gave you earlier.
And if you do source-to-sync,
it typically takes longer time,
and if you do the reverse from sync-to-source,
it takes shorter time.
And here's another two different type of approach.
And I forget to mention,
one other example of SAS,
one is sync-group,
probably some of you have used it before,
because that tool has been around for 20 years.
What it does is to look for patterns.
Another tool is called CoQL,
and what it does is to look for the code itself in the database,
looking for the vulnerability from the database.
If we go a little further on the SAS,
you can also write a rule pack.
Some people call it a rule packer.
On the left-hand side is the rule packer,
that's default.
If you enter a text input,
if that,
for example,
XSCDE does not exist in that list,
the scanner's list,
it will just go right path through it.
That's the downside of using rule packers by default.
But what you can do,
if you are more advanced programmers or users,
you can create your own customized rule packer
and add that to your scanner's list.
So that's one of the three tools that I mentioned that you could use at your disposal.
And there are another tools that we use.
It's called self-create composition analysis.
What it does is to look for CDEs,
either existing CDE,
non-CDE,
as well as CDE that does not exist.
Basically, it's not there,
but it's able to identify as a vulnerability.
In SCA,
there are three, four levels.
Most of the product that I know out there are at level one.
that's basically just looking for what's in the CDE database.
What I've heard,
my understanding recently,
we have this already at the level three.
So level two is researchability,
and level three is exploitability.
There are also products out there,
it's able to do runtime evidence,
it's able to detect it in runtime.
So software composition analysis is also using it to check whether there's a dependency or not.
Some of you probably have written code in the past 10 or 20 years.
The dependency is like,
when you run the code,
if you go back to think about the iPad or notebook,
when you run the code,
it will give you a little screen under it,
and tells you there's a,
you need,
you need this package to update,
you need that package to update,
and that's the dependency.
So in addition to that five tools I just mentioned,
there are,
those tools are already covered,
what we commonly use right now.
So based on my preliminary research,
the most popular AI coding tool right now is Cloud Code.
In this data that I pulled was from last week,
it's 70%.
Just of today,
it's about 75% of users are using Cloud Code.
So Cloud Code in this case,
I'm about to give it to you,
is Cloud Code's CLI,
you're using a command line.
And if you take a look at the screen,
that already comes with SynGrip.
Within the SynGrip Guardian,
there are three tools that I mentioned earlier,
where it's already included,
for example,
SaaS,
security finding,
basically,
I'm sorry,
secret finding,
the secret detection,
and supply chain finding,
for S-bound.
So in addition to SynGrip Guardian,
there are also,
that come with Cloud Code,
that's security guidance,
that's already come with Cloud Code.
and there are also,
nearly 22,
uh,
security clock-in,
in the marketplace.
It doesn't take a second to,
to, uh,
install the clock-in,
and while you are having your,
uh,
cloud code to write the code for you,
it will do the checking for you,
in the real-time.
So,
what's the takeaway of this?
AI is being,
uh,
is riding a million lines of code for us.
Uh,
many of us have become,
like,
solo entrepreneurs,
or,
we're,
we're doing your own business,
we're running your startup,
without a security team.
And,
uh,
but,
AI coding tools,
that,
already come with the security capability,
that,
they're fine tools,
that I mentioned earlier.
And,
uh,
you can,
at your disposal,
to simply,
uh,
add it to,
uh,
the tool that they're using.
Any questions in common?
Thank you.
for a while.
So,
yeah,
so,
his question is,
what do I think,
of,
vertical,
doing this?
There are,
already many,
tools that are doing this.
Uh,
the problem,
what I've seen,
uh,
based on my,
preliminary research,
is,
there are people,
are not aware of it.
Mostly,
the people,
are thinking,
now,
I can,
uh,
do it all by myself,
thinking how to grow,
but,
this,
through the baby,
out with the,
bathwater,
forgetting,
the security features,
that come with the coding tool,
that you,
uh,
use it,
as you are,
as you are writing your code.
Any other questions?
or,
thank you.
through thesea.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Awesome.
Good evening,
everyone of you...
